First COne Soulful Affair (or TUNNEL)

“I’m sorry, Ma’am; but we are closing now.” The librarian’s faint breath heated my ear, sending startling chills down my neck. 
The building was of tall Grecian pillars and a domed cathedral ceiling that echoed her whispers into the emptiness of its silence. 
My heart jumped with fear as I returned from the depths of thought.
   “Oh! Sure. I’ll put these things away right now. Thank you.” I replied.
My eyes were tired, my head pounded and I needed rest. 
Wrestling my research back into a ragged attaché, I massaged the back of my neck a few times and then hurried out into the rain, where the streets were dark and overflowing with pooling water. Each drop spreading into rings as they landed, then dissipated.
Cars splashed through muddy puddles as they raced for home, oblivious to my presence on the sidewalk corner, even as their headlights reflected from the pavement below.
The sound of raindrops pitter-pattering in a synchronized rhythm onto my umbrella, created a deluge of ache in my temples.
 I fought as the wind tried to steal it from me.
  The drive home seemed almost instinctive. Except for opening a peek hole in the foggy condensation with the back side of my hand, visibility was nearly zero and the squeal of worn wiper blades (squeesh, squeesh) became entrancing.
My mind drifted to the onset of the winter prior to this...

  Wickersham was a sleepy little mining town with very little entertainment. It had one post office, a general store, one hotel and a drive-in burger joint just outside the theatre.
 The busiest place to be on a Friday night was in Miner's Square, at a bar inside the newly renovated, Old Wickersham Hotel. The Dew Drop Inn. (I wonder who named it that?) 
 It was one of the first buildings in town and still very popular with both young and old at heart.
They featured a band every weekend, a lively atmosphere and affordable drink. 
My college girlfriends and I had spent many a night there. (Good times)
It was all we three girls could do stay out of mischief; and mischief always managed to find us.
  Jenny waitressed part-time after school and would always talk Stephanie and I into meeting her there, even against our better judgement. I probably could have gotten better grades if I hadn't always followed her lead. Still, I wouldn't change a moment!   
Stephanie was the first to get married. She met Kevin at The Dew Drop one summer night when he challenged her to a game of pool. She proceeded to embarrass him with her skill and he's been trying to beat her ever since. Jenny and I always teased about how enamored she was with him. We likened her to a little girl with her first crush, smiling ear to ear whenever he was around. After discovering she was pregnant, she and Kevin married and moved closer to the city, where jobs were abundant. 
I chose to excel instead. I didn't need a man in MY bed! I didn't need a man at all...yet, I longed for the companionship Stephanie had. 
Jenny and I lost contact after I went away to Brighton U, though I hoped to reconnect with her once I settled in. Wickersham was now much more modernized and yet, it was home; but home just wasn't the same without Jenny.

  Honnnnnkk! Honnnnnnk! 
I swerved to the far-right side of the dark two lane tunnel just as the semi-truck sounded its horn.
Its bright headlights had blinded me for a second as it passed, alerting me to the fact that I needed to free myself of some of this anxiety. Instinctively, I turned toward Miner's Square and didn't stop until arriving at The Dew Drop Inn.
   After shutting off the engine, I sat nervously in the car a moment, practicing yoga breathing techniques. Turning the rear-view mirror toward my lips, I gave them one fresh glossing of red lipstick before stepping out and slamming the door.
 I could hear the voices of people conversing inside. The echo of my own footsteps against the sidewalk made me feel uneasy, but with every conscious step of red patent stilettos, I carefully made my way to the entrance.
Taking one last deep breath, I went in.
   A large, muscular gentleman in a tight-fitting tank was perched upon a stool just inside the door. His blonde curly hair and bronze skin somehow glistened in the dimly lit room.
“Good evening, Ma'am! ID and $10.00, please” he said. (Boy, prices sure have gone up.)
“Good evening” I said, as I battled through my pocketbook. “What band is playing tonight?”
“They’re a new band from just outside of Wickersham, called ‘Rockin' Horse” he replied, as he stamped my hand. “They’re pretty hot; you'll like 'em.”
The band was on stage setting up their equipment, while waitresses dressed in black mini-skirts and purple bow-ties prepared to wait tables. I took a quick inventory of the crowded candle-lit room where people were chatting amongst themselves.
(I’d better find myself a seat)
   Walking to the far end of the bar, I scouted a place where I could sit unnoticed until I could relax some. Slipping cautiously into the booth, I glanced over at the musicians. I noticed how comfortable they felt in the club and thought they must lead a real exciting life.
After about 30 minutes of fine tuning and sound checks, they began the night with a James Otto tune called "Just got started"(“Pretty Woman” by Roy Orbison.)(I haven't heard that one in a while)
The lights dimmed and hues of red, blue and green strobed in circles, while the dance floor flooded with couples.
I watched for a while as hips swayed to the beat, then decided to brave my way to the bar for a drink. “What’ll it be, Miss?” The bartender asked.
“I’ll have a glass of champagne, please.” I answered.
As I watched the fizzling liquid rise into a long-stemmed glass, I realized that standing just beside me was the most attractive man I’d ever seen.
A man of, say, fiftyish; with dark skin and bright, yet stern eyes. His peppered hair had the effect of having been wind-blown. His attire was of casual blue jeans, tight; that caressed firmly, his every masculine curve. His silky white dress shirt was cuffed at the sleeves and open to the third button, revealing a tantalizing peek at his chest. I inhaled subtly, hoping for a sample of his scent.
“How much”? I asked, as the bartender handed me the glass.
“$3.50” he replied, as I took a sip.
Just then, a strong voice interrupted, “Here. Let me get that..." the handsomely sculpted gentleman smiled intensely, at ME!  (HOLY!!!!!!!!)
I almost choked as I said “Thank you” and returned a nervous smile (although one of my favorites) to the gentleman reaching into his pocket for his billfold.
With my glass, I gestured for him to follow as I headed back to the cozy table in the corner, at the end of the long, mahogany bar.
Hastily, he swallowed down his drink and eased through the crowd.
 The music was loud and somewhat distorted, making conversation difficult. Sitting down, I introduced myself loudly. “Thank you for the drink. I’m Sophia. I haven't seen you here before. Are you new to the area?”
“Hello, Sophia. It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Samuel. I've been here before, but that was a long time ago. I'm actually just passing through,” he replied. “How about yourself?”
“Oh, I used to come here often,” I explained. “But it’s been awhile” I said, nodding. “This is my hometown. I moved back recently and have been remodeling the house I bought. Tonight, I guess I just needed a break."
  He waved the waitress over and ordered a round of drinks, which we spent no time finishing.
Just then, the band started playing (Billy Currington's) "Must be doin somethin right" (an old Aretha Franklin song)and I jumped up, yelling, “Come on, let’s dance!” pulling him to the dance floor, where we stayed for the next two sets. 
His touch was sweet, intended. We embraced each other as if it were something we had done for years... (Stop it, Sophia)
Once the music stopped, we breathlessly sat back down to empty our drinks.
“My, you are quite the dancer!” he complimented.
“Well, thank you. But you’re only as good as your partner, right?” I said, shyly.
I felt a bit like Stephanie at that moment and had to chuckle to myself. 
   Samuel summoned the waitress over once again and ordered a bottle of champagne as he lit the candle that sat in the center of the table. Its dim glow danced happily about Sophia’s face and Samuel thought that it gave her smile the kind of sparkle the sun gives the snow on a winter morning. He caught the flirting look in her eyes and it pleased him. He wanted to know her better.
“So did you move here alone?” he asked, bluntly.
“Yessss,” I answered with a giggle. (Stephanie!) "I wanted to finish college before settling down. I've had a few relationships, but no Prince Charming so far. Your story?" 
 Samuel explained that he once had been married, but that too, was a long time ago.
 I nodded and smiled, as if I understood. 
The band began playing another slow song called “Sea of Love” and Samuel recalled it as having a warm place in his heart. He asked if I would dance with him.
“I’d love to” I said, and he led me by the hand into the middle of the floor.
 He held me closely; enough so that I began to feel a sense of security within his arms. I felt that his warmth could melt even the frost outside.
We danced through the entire set and sadly, right as I was engrossing in the feel of him, the music ended. With a tight squeeze, he kissed me gently on the back of the neck and we reluctantly returned to our table.
“Would you like to join me for breakfast?” he asked.
“Sure. I guess it is morning, anyway,” I laughed. (It’s been a long time since I’ve had breakfast with someone.)
"Maybe we should take the old steam train, after all of this drink!" Samuel suggested.

As we saluted the night with the last of our champagne, I watched the bubbles float to the top of my glass and disappear.
He escorted me outside, where the wind surprised me with a chill straight up the spine.
Feeling every nerve jump to attention, I shivered intensely. He offered to let me wear his sweater, but embarrassed, I declined.
 Putting his arm around my waist, he pulled me close and escorted me to the station. Carefully, we boarded and made our way to the dining car.

Coffee this morning?” asked the waiter.
“Yes, with fresh cream, please.” I answered, nervously.
Samuel only nodded.
We sat staring at each other awhile and I couldn't get over the familiarity between us. There was a sort of seduction in his voice that kept me mesmerized.
“Sure is turning cold, isn’t it?” Samuel asked, breaking the silence.
“Yes! I’m freezing!” I responded, staring out into the darkness from the booth’s window.  "Thanks again, for a wonderful evening. It's been awhile."
“I needed a little company tonight, myself.” he replied. “Are you sure you don’t want to borrow my sweater?”
Ignoring his question, I told him, “You have the most intriguing eyes, you know that?
They are the deepest brown, having a hint of callousness, yet passionate.”
Smiling, he leaned toward me and held my hand. “You intrigue me...” he said, in a soft, flirting voice.
As breakfast was served, the conversation shifted to the weather again and I spoke of my dislike for the winter season. It wasn’t so much the cold, as it was the lack of sunshine.
“Winter in Wickersham is always so dark and cold. I'm not really certain why I even wanted to move back.” I pointed out. "Guess I've always felt drawn back, somehow."
“There will always be a warm place in my heart for Wickersham..." he said, as we passed through the tunnel toward home. "I certainly hope that it isn't me that makes you feel that way!"
“Of course not! You’re just plain gorgeous!” I playfully teased.
Upon finishing, we exchanged contact information on wrinkled paper napkins. He took a rose which had adorned a vase in the center of our table, imprinted with the word “souvenir,” and handed it to me, laughing. "I've always been fond of this train. Especially in Autumn. It's got to be my favorite season. I don't think that change makes things dark at all. They just grow vibrant with life and color. And Winter...that's just Mother Nature's preparation for a brighter new year. A new beginning."
As the train slowed into the station, we promised to keep in touch. Escorting me into an empty lot, he kissed me and said goodbye.
He explained that autumn was his favorite season. How he thought that change didn’t make things dark at all; that things grew vibrant with life and color, and that winter was just Mother Nature's preparation for a brighter new year.
Saying our goodbyes, we promised to keep in touch and I returned to loneliness of my home.
   The months passed quickly. Already, it had been a year since I had met Samuel.
I felt guilty for not trying to contact him, though I had thought of him often. How selfish of me to stay so busy working on the house!  (I wonder who's at the Dew Drop tonight?)
Throwing my paint brush into the sink, I went to the attic to find my address book so I could try to contact Jenny.
The attic was a dusty little loft in the spare bedroom with an old porcelain, pull chain bulb for light. Pulling myself up, I struggled to squeeze between the clutter of boxes I had carried around since the end of high school. Crouching my way around toward the back, I noticed what looked like an old picture frame. I made my way slowly over to the corner and carefully slid it into the dim light. It was a dusty, charcoal sketching of a beautifully sleek woman with long wavy hair flowing to one side of her face and down her shoulder. She was adorning a chaise lounge, in a seductive pose for her artist. Beside her, was a wooden box, which she rested her hand upon.

ENDING:
  It's Winter again and no birds sing merrily; no children are out in the streets playing and the noise of passing traffic has died to a quiet. Now, another rainy season addressed everything with a darker identity.

   The wind threw my hair back from my shoulders as I stepped up onto the sidewalk. (Bbrrr!)
Wrapping my jacket tighter at the waist, I pulled the crumpled napkin from my pocket, comparing it with the address of the house in front of me. (Samuel Porter-3112 Chestnut Lane) The wooden numbers hung half off the wall beside the door and the three was upside down. This was it! 
It was a weathered little beige home in halfhearted repair with a cracked walkway leading to the door. Large willow trees that swayed gently to and fro, shadowed shaded the yard in front of it.
My adrenalin flowing, I stuffed the napkin back into my pocket and nervously stepped up to the door.
I knocked and stood back. No answer. Intuition said nobody lives here anymore. I double checked the address on the napkin (hmmmm… this is the correct address). I knocked once more, louder this time. Nothing. I sighed and as I started to walk away I saw a woman step onto her front porch, watching me from across the street.
"Excuse me! I’m looking for the Porter home?!" I hollered.
Turning toward me with a smile, she responded, "Yes, honey, that’s the old Porter home." 
The squeaky screen door closed gently behind her as she turned and retreated into her house.
(Was?) Confused and disappointed, I got into my car and drove.
In the days and weeks that followed, I must have driven by that house every other day!

The door opened, and I was greeted by a small statured woman of seventy or so.
“Yes, may I help you?” the woman asked.
“Hello. My name is Sophia. I’m looking for Samuel, please.”
“Who?!” she yelled, seemingly upset.
“Samuel. Porter. It’s been awhile. Ummm, I may have the wrong address.” I explained, apologetically.
“Yes, I’m afraid you must, dear. My Samuel passed away some years ago” and she shut the door.
My heart lept frighteningly into my throat and I began to feel nauseous.
(But this can’t be. She looks exactly like him.)
  In the library’s collection of old newspapers, the obituaries did turn up a Samuel Porter, who worked at a local mine a few miles outside of Wickersham. He died after a "pool room" brawl, at a speakeasie, in the winter of 1927. The Old Wickersham Hotel housed traveling salesmen in place of the former miners and boomtown financiers. A back door led to rooms that moonshiners rented when they brought their fresh stock of homemade liquor from stills deep in the woods and featured a few dancing girls. It was uncertain if Emma, Samuel's mixed blood wife, was once a dancer at the saloon, but it was speculated that a conflict over the ownership of their land, played a factor in the incident. 

